Add further guidance around ttl (#202)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

The HTTP response SHOULD use gzip Content-Encoding as defined in {{RFC9110}}.

> If caching-related HTTP headers are present in the response, Relying Parties SHOULD prioritize the exp and ttl claims within the Status List over the HTTP headers for determining caching behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If caching-related HTTP headers are present in the HTTP response, Relying Parties SHOULD prioritize the exp and ttl claims within the Status List Token over the HTTP headers for determining caching behavior.
```

A Status List Token in the CWT format should follow the security considerations of {{RFC8392}}.

## Caching and Updates to Status Lists

When Relying Parties fetch the Status List, they need to be aware of how long it is valid for or in other words how long until they need to check for

> updates to a status list. The 'ttl' (time-to-live) claim in the Status List Token provides one mechanism for setting a maximum cache time for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updates to a Status List. The 'ttl' (time-to-live) claim in the Status List Token provides one mechanism for setting a maximum cache time for the
```

A Status List Token in the CWT format should follow the security considerations of {{RFC8392}}.

## Status List Caching

> When fetching a Status List, Relying Parties must carefully evaluate how long a status list is cached for. Collectively the iat, exp and ttl claims when present in a Status List communicate how long a Status List should be cached for. The following diagram illustrates the relationship between these claims and how they are designed to influence caching.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When fetching a Status List, Relying Parties must carefully evaluate how long a status list is cached for. Collectively the iat, exp and ttl claims when present in a Status List communicate how long a Status List should be cached and should be considered valid for. The following diagram illustrates the relationship between these claims and how they are designed to influence caching.
```

> When fetching a Status List, Relying Parties must carefully evaluate how long a status list is cached for. Collectively the iat, exp and ttl claims when present in a Status List communicate how long a Status List should be cached and should be considered valid for. The following diagram illustrates the relationship between these claims and how they are designed to influence caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When fetching a Status List Token, Relying Parties must carefully evaluate how long a Status List is cached for. Collectively the `iat`, `exp` and `ttl` claims when present in a Status List Token communicate how long a Status List should be cached and should be considered valid for. The following diagram illustrates the relationship between these claims and how they are designed to influence caching.
```

~~~ ascii-art
Time of fetching

         │
         │            Check for        Check for        Check for
         │             updates          updates          updates
         │
 iat     │                │                │                │    exp
         │                │                │                │
  │      │                │                │                │     │
  │      │                │                │                │     │
  │      │                │                │                │     │
  │      │                │                │                │     │
  │      │      ttl       │      ttl       │      ttl       │     │
  │      │ ─────────────► │ ─────────────► │ ─────────────► │ ──► │
  │      │                │                │                │     │
  │      │                │                │                │     │
  │                                                               │
──┼───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┼─►
  │                                                               │
~~~

> It is essential to understand the distinct purposes of the ttl and exp claims. The ttl claim represents a duration to be interpreted relative to the time the Status List is fetched, indicating when a new version of the Status List may be available. In contrast, the exp claim specifies an absolute timestamp, marking the exact moment when the Status List expires and can no longer be relied upon. Together, these claims provide guidance on when to check for updates (ttl claim) and when the Status List must be refreshed or replaced (exp claim).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is essential to understand the distinct purposes of the `ttl` and `exp` claims. The `ttl` claim represents a duration to be interpreted relative to the time the Status List is fetched, indicating when a new version of the Status List may be available. In contrast, the `exp` claim specifies an absolute timestamp, marking the point in time when the Status List expires and MUST NOT be relied upon any longer. Together, these claims provide guidance on when to check for updates (`ttl` claim) and when the Status List must be refreshed or replaced (`exp` claim).
```
